Add example for advanced mode with bumper (#31646)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ecovacs.markdown

Additional note: There are some issues during the password encoding. Using some special characters (e.g., `-`) in your password does not work.

> With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. See [Advanced Mode](#advanced-mode) for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. See [Self hosted configuration](#self-hosted-configuration) for additional details.
```

> With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. See [Self hosted configuration](#self-hosted-configuration) for additional details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. See [Self-hosted configuration](#self-hosted-configuration) for additional details.
```

> With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. More information can be found in the [Bumper's documentation](https://bumper.readthedocs.io). See [Advanced Mode](#advanced-mode) for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `advanced_mode` enabled, users can use their self-hosted instance over the cloud servers. Self-hosting comes with some requirements and limitations. See [Advanced Mode](#advanced-mode) for additional details.
```

I would move the "More info" sentence to the Advanced Mode section

```

Finally, if a vacuum becomes unavailable (usually due to being idle and off its charger long enough for it to completely power off,) the vacuum's `status` attribute will change to `offline` until it is turned back on.

> ## Advanced mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Self hosted configuration
```

> ## Self hosted configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Self-hosted configuration
```

> When connecting to a self-hosted instance, you can connect to the server directly using the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your setup of the self-hosted instance, you can connect to the server using the following settings:
```

> When connecting with to a self-hosted instance you can connect to the server directly using the following settings:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When connecting to a self-hosted instance, you can connect to the server directly using the following settings:
```

> - `Username`: you can enter any e-mail address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Username`: Enter the e-mail address configured in your instance or any valid one if auth is disabled
```

> - `Username`: Enter the e-mail address configured in your instance or any valid one if auth is disabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Username`: Enter the e-mail address configured in your instance. If authentication is disabled, you can enter any valid e-mail address.
```

> - `Password`: you can enter any password (as long as it is 6 characters) 

Reviewer: Where it's written that the password needs at least 6 characters?

Author: I've found that information here at the bottom of the page: https://bumper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Use_With_App/

Reviewer: Could you please verify if it is possible to use a shorter one too?
I think this is only a requirement for the app itself

Author: Just tested it and it doesn't seem to matter... change phrasing to be inline with username

> - `Password`: Enter the password configured in your instance or any password if auth is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Password`: Enter the password configured in your instance or any string if auth is disabled
```

> - `Password`: Enter the password configured in your instance or any string if auth is disabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Password`: Enter the password configured in your instance. If authentication is disabled, you can enter any string (series of characters).
```

- `REST URL`: http://`SELF_HOSTED_INSTANCE`:8007

> - `MQTT URL`: mqtt://`SELF_HOSTED_INSTANCE`:8883

Reviewer: Are you sure that it is not `mqtts://` at least for my instance, I need `mqtts`

Author: you're right. I was able to configure it with mqtt and didn't look any further, but the connection needs mqtts for communication. When using just mqtt the connection times out.
I'll add it to the docs
